# KoreanLady Discord Bot

## Command List

Below you can see the full list of available commands.

Some commands require an argument (shown surrounded by chevrons `<` & `>`), like naming a user or object. Other commands don't require any arguments, or accept optional arguments (shown surrounded by brackets `[` & `]`).

Please check the examples provided to see what each command can do!

### `k!8ball`

Uses an 8 ball to answer a question.

Usage: `k!8ball <question>`

Examples: `k!8ball Will I pass my exam?`

### `k!ancestor`

Gain inspiration (or not) with one of the Darkest Dungeon Ancestor's quotes.

Usage: `k!ancestor`

Aliases: `k!darkestdungeon` `k!dd`

### `k!ban`

Bans a user or object for a random amount of time, from a few seconds to several years. If the ban is longer than a year the expiry date will also be shown.

Usage: `k!ban <subject>`

Examples: `k!ban Mosquitoes` `k!ban @Batman`

### `k!choose`

Helps you choose between two or more options. Options must be separated by a forward slash.

Usage: `k!choose <option 1/option 2/...>`

Examples: `k!choose The Doors/David Bowie/Queen`

Aliases: `k!choice`

### `k!coin`

Throws a coin and show the result (heads or tails).

Usage: `k!coin`

Aliases: `k!headsortails`

### `k!dice`

Throws a dice. By default it will be a 6 sided dice, but a different number can be added after the command.

Usage: `k!dice [sides]`

Examples: `k!dice` `k!dice 12`

### `k!fine`

Fines someone with a random amount of money, in a random currency.

Usage: `k!fine <subject>`

Examples: `k!fine @Superman` `k!fine The whole planet`

### `k!heavenorhell`

Shows whether a user will go to heaven or hell, and the prediction accuracy. Subject can be omitted, if so the user what used the command will be used as subject.

Usage: `k!heavenorhell [subject]`

Examples: `k!heavenorhell` `k!heavenorhell @GeraltOfRivia` `k!heavenorhell Pineapple`

Aliases: `k!hoh` `k!heaven` `k!hell`

### `k!help`

Shows a link to command list in documentation. If a command is added as an argument, it will show help specific to that command.

Usage: `k!help [command]`

Examples: `k!help` `k!help ban`

Aliases: `k!h` `k!?`

### `k!hug`

Hugs someone/something for a random amount of mississippis.

Usage: `k!hug <subject>`

Examples: `k!hug chat`

### `k!list`

Lists all available commands.

Usage: `k!list`

Aliases: `k!commands`

### `k!live`

Embed a nice link for a Twitch stream. Channel must be live.

Usage: `k!live`

Aliases: `k!stream`

### `k!love`

Show how much you love someone or something, with a random percentage.

Usage: `k!love <subject>`

Examples: `k!love @Wumpus` `k!love everyone in chat`

### `k!ping`

Simple ping command to test bot.

Usage: `k!ping`

### `k!slots`

Try your luck at the slot machines. There are 3 reels with 4 possible symbols, so you have a 1 in 63 chance to win!

Usage: `k!slots`

Aliases: `k!slot` `k!slotmachine`

### `k!sticker`

Replies with a random Apollo emote sticker.

Usage: `k!sticker`

Aliases: `k!emote`

### `k!treat`

Give someone a treat.

Treats are randomly generated by a super secret special algorithm, only with the highest quality ingredients. By being gifted a treat you enter a non-negotiable contract and are legally obligated to stop what you are doing and eat. Treats may contain traces of pineapple.

Usage: `k!treat <subject>`

Examples: `k!treat @KoreanLady` `k!treat everyone`

Aliases: `k!dessert`

## About

**KoreanLady** is a Discord bot coded in NodeJS using the [Discord.JS](https://discord.js.org/#/) library.

It's meant to be a simple bot with a few fun commands and no moderation or any other advanced functions.

## Credits & Acknowledgments

KoreanLady is written in NodeJS by [Yogensia](https://www.yogensia.com).

Some of this bot's architecture is based on documentation from [discordjs.guide](https://discordjs.guide/) & [anidiots.guide](https://anidiots.guide/).

The name KoreanLady and some of the bot's commands are inspired by [Twitch Streamer Apollolol](https://www.twitch.tv/apollolol)'s community.

## License

Copyright (c) 2019—2020, Yogensia

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS
OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF
THIS SOFTWARE.

Source: http://opensource.org/licenses/ISC